doc-sources/usingutk/ExeUtk.md, before:

# Using UTK Executables

## Linking and Building

To build executable, the following commands are necessary : 

```
mkdir build
cd build
# Install to specified location, every executable will be located in the 
# YOUR_INSTALL_DIR/bin folder. 
cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=. .. 
make install -j 8 # Or whatever number of threads you want
```

Executable will be located in `src/samplers` and `src/metrics folders` and, if 
`make install` is run, to the specified directory (without distinction). 

## Miscellaneous notes

* All samplers have common parameters `-n` for number of points, `-d` for dimension, 
`-m` for numbers of point sets to generate and `-s` for seeds. Note that some option 
might be ignored for samples that have fixed dimension (2D only) or are deterministic
(Sobol' without scrambling). 

* All metrics have common parameters `-i` for the input file or `-o` for output. The 
behaviour when multiples point sets are given is the same file might differ : `Spectrum` 
will return an average of all point sets but `Discrepancy` a list of values for each one. 

* Silent option is not total : First, only utk logs are silenced. If the sampler or metrics
depends on an external code, the output are not silenced... Still, there is one log that is
not silenced : the failure of a sampler.

Commit message:

Add prefix option to utk executables

doc-sources/usingutk/ExeUtk.md, after:

# Using UTK Executables

## Linking and Building

To build executable, the following commands are necessary : 

```
mkdir build
cd build
# Install to specified location, every executable will be located in the 
# YOUR_INSTALL_DIR/bin folder. 
cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=. .. 
make install -j 8 # Or whatever number of threads you want
```

Executable will be located in `src/samplers` and `src/metrics folders` and, if 
`make install` is run, to the specified directory (without distinction). 

## Miscellaneous notes

* All samplers have common parameters `-n` for number of points, `-d` for dimension, 
`-m` for numbers of point sets to generate and `-s` for seeds. Note that some option 
might be ignored for samples that have fixed dimension (2D only) or are deterministic
(Sobol' without scrambling). 

* All metrics have common parameters `-i` for the input file or `-o` for output. The 
behaviour when multiples point sets are given is the same file might differ : `Spectrum` 
will return an average of all point sets but `Discrepancy` a list of values for each one. 

* UTK uses common names for most samplers and metrics. If that conflicts with other libraries,
one can use `cmake -DUTK_EXE_PREFIX=utk_ ..` to add prefix to executable names. 

* Silent option is not total : First, only utk logs are silenced. If the sampler or metrics
depends on an external code, the output are not silenced... Still, there is one log that is
not silenced : the failure of a sampler.
